orthofeet Incorporated is proud to
introduce the bio chthonic the
revolutionary custom-made orthotic that
instantly moles directly to the foot the
molding of the bio photic is done with
an innovative technique which allows the
construction of a functional orthotic in
the weight or semi weight-bearing
position the foot is aligned in neutral
position during the molding process
creating a space under the foot which is
filled with the expanding foam to build
a neutral position impression of the
foot and this impression mold also
becomes the custom-made orthotic without
the need for taking a cast of the foot
if additional correction of the
alignment of the foot is needed
extrinsic posts can be added to the
bottom of the orthotic using ready-made
wedges available in three four and five
degrees the weight-bearing neutral
position molding is superior to any
other molding or casting technique since
it takes into account not only intrinsic
deformities of the foot but also
extrinsic deformities by aligning the
foot in neutral in the actual
functioning position a precise support
is automatically constructed for
different types of bio photic devices
are available the pro function bio
photic is a thin semi-rigid orthotic
designed for men's dress shoes and
women's casual shoes the pro function
orthotic can be trimmed up to the
metatarsal heads if the shoe is too
tight in the toe box area the sport
biotic is a semi-rigid orthotic similar
to the pro function but includes a
thicker EV a cover for additional
cushioning it is recommended for shoes
with removable inserts or shoes with
extra room the soft bio chthonic is
covered with a soft thermal formable EV
a foam similar its characteristic to
plasti Zoet but superior in its
durability it's ideal for a diabetic
arthritic and geriatric patients the
high heel bio photic is made from ultra
thin materials and is specially designed
to eliminate the
common problem of slipping out of the
women's pumps and high-heeled shoes
we've been using the biotic in the
office for the last seven or eight years
and we're very excited about its
effectiveness in treating overuse
injuries and lower extremity in the foot
and ankle several key points and why
this system is so successful is number
one the ability of this orthotic to
control pronation movements we completed
a research project and published it in
american journal of physical therapy in
February of this year that demonstrated
that this system engine issue controls
pronation effectively the second
important feature of this orthotic is
the adjustability the post materials are
added to the system to the orthotic
device and you can adjust them as the
patient gets used to the orthotic device
as they report back to you their symptom
relief the third important feature
obviously if it controls the pronation
and you can adjust them on a regular
basis is going to add to increase
compliance of use of the orthotic by the
patient and the last feature is the cost
the orthotics are definitely within
reason for the patient to handle the
cost of these system versus sending it
off to the lab I've been fabricating
orthotics in my physical therapy
practice for over 15 years and during
that time tried several different kinds
of in office as well as casted type
orthotics since 1990 I've been using the
biotic with great success and I think
that's for several reasons one is the
biotic is relatively fast and convenient
in that the patient can literally leave
with a pair of orthotics on the first
visit the biotic fits various patient
selection needs because of the different
types of shells offered it conforms
nicely to the foot and allows
combinations any combination of forefoot
and rear foot posting the combination of
the posting as well as arch conformity
has shown in research studies as well as
in the clinic to control abnormal
pronation most importantly the biotic is
very adjustable I can make changes in
the posting at any time after the
orthotic has been made initially and
this allows me to do this without
involving a laboratory or any third
party for these reasons I have found
that the biotic allows me to provide my
patients
the very best orthotic treatment
available for more information call
orthofeet incorporated 152a veterans dr
Northvale New Jersey 07 647 telephone
805 to 4 to 8 45 area 2017 676 to 24
facts 2017 6767 48
you